content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
name: Nelson Bighetti

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Professor of Artificial Intelligence

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: Stanford University
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter.

interests:
- Artificial Intelligence
- Computational Linguistics
- Information Retrieval

education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Stanford University
    year: 2012
  - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2009
  - course: BSc in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2008

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '#contact'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/gcushen
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

Nelson Bighetti is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. His research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. He leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed neque elit, tristique placerat feugiat ac, facilisis vitae arcu. Proin eget egestas augue. Praesent ut sem nec arcu pellentesque aliquet. Duis dapibus diam vel metus tempus vulputate.

Commit message:

Bare-bones shell with bio/menu/contact only

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
name: Austin Johnson

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- austinj

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Assistant Professor and Program Director, School Psychology

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: University of California, Riverside
  url: "https://www.ucr.edu"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: Austin Johnson is an Assistant Professor in the Graduate School of Education at the University of California, Riverside.

interests:
- Evidence-Based Behavior Support
- Single-Case Methodology
- Social Justice, Equity, and Inclusion

education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Educational Psychology
    institution: University of Connecticut
    year: 2014
  - course: BA in Psychology, Summa Cum Laude
    institution: University of Arizona
    year: 2007

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:austinj@ucr.edu'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/johnsonaustinh
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=XQ7qJWwAAAAJ
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups: []
---

As an Assistant Professor at the University of California, Riverside, I serve as the Program Director of our APA-accredited and NASP-approved <a href="https://education.ucr.edu/school-psychology">School Psychology program</a>. I received my PhD in Educational Psychology (with a concentration in School Psychology) from the <a href="https://schoolpsych.education.uconn.edu/">University of Connecticut</a> in 2014. Back in 2007, I graduated summa cum laude with my Bachelor's in Psychology from the University of Arizona. After serving as a Postdoctoral Research Fellow and Project Manager with the IES-funded <a href="http://needs2.education.uconn.edu/">NEEDs2 project</a> from 2014-2015, I joined the Graduate School of Education at the University of California, Riverside. At UCR, I teach undergraduate- and graduate-level courses in behavior assessment and intervention, research, and methodology. I really like my job.

I'm an Associate Editor for the Journal of School Psychology, as well as a licensed psychologist in the state of California (CA #29540) and a Board Certified Behavior Analyst (Certification #1-15-18892).

You can request copies of articles through <a href="https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Austin_Johnson2">ResearchGate</a> and view citations and such on <a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=XQ7qJWwAAAAJ&amp;hl=en">Google Scholar</a>. My CV, office contact information, and a generally up-to-date list of publications are available on my <a href="https://profiles.ucr.edu/app/home/profile/austinj">UCR Faculty Webpage</a>.
